Update `CHANGELOG` with updated version strategy (#1330)
Sitecore/jss: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. The format (starting with 18.0.0) is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

This project does NOT strictly adhere to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Major versions of this project may include breaking changes in core packages but also denote compatibility with Sitecore Platform versions. Refer to the "Headless Services" section in the Sitecore modules compatibility table ([Sitecore XP 7.5 - 9.3](https://support.sitecore.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0541788), [Sitecore XP 10.0 and later](https://support.sitecore.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1000576)) or the [Headless Rendering download page](https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_Headless_Rendering.aspx) for details. Minor versions may also include breaking changes in framework packages.

Our versioning strategy is as follows:

> - Patch: no breaking changes, no new features (e.g. bug fixes, minor improvements)
> - Minor: breaking changes in framework packages (e.g. framework upgrades / new features / improvements)
> - Major: breaking changes in core packages (e.g. major architectural changes / major features)

Reviewer: Should probably change to "_may include_ breaking changes..."? And should use consistent delimiter for examples.
```suggestion
- Patch: no breaking changes (e.g. bug fixes, minor improvements)
- Minor: may include breaking changes in framework packages (e.g. framework upgrades, new features, improvements)
- Major: may include breaking changes in core packages (e.g. major architectural changes, major features)
```

> This project does NOT adhere to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html), and major versions of this project denote compatibility with Sitecore Platform versions. Refer to the "Headless Services" section in the [Sitecore modules compatibility table](https://support.sitecore.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0541788) or the [Headless Rendering download page](https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_Headless_Rendering.aspx) for more details on versioning.

Reviewer: Feel like we should rework this a bit to lead into the new details. Also noticed we are missing a link to the newer compatibility table for Sitecore 10.0+ (not part of this task but worth updating).

```suggestion
This project does NOT strictly adhere to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Major versions of this project may include breaking changes in core packages but also denote compatibility with Sitecore Platform versions. Refer to the "Headless Services" section in the Sitecore modules compatibility table ([Sitecore XP 7.5 - 9.3](https://support.sitecore.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0541788), [Sitecore XP 10.0 and later](https://support.sitecore.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB1000576)) or the [Headless Rendering download page](https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_Headless_Rendering.aspx) for details. Minor versions may also include breaking changes in framework packages.

Our versioning strategy is as follows:
```

- Patch: no breaking changes, no new features / Eg. Bug fixes, minor improvement
- Minor: can include breaking changes in framework packages / Framework upgrades / new features/improvements

> - Major: can include breaking changes in core packages / Major architectural changes / Major features

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Major: breaking changes in core packages / major architectural changes / major features
```

> - Patch: no breaking changes, no new features / Eg. Bug fixes, minor improvement
> - Minor: can include breaking changes in framework packages / Framework upgrades / new features/improvements
> - Major: can include breaking changes in core packages / Major architectural changes / Major features

Reviewer: Maybe need some additional formatting to distinguish examples? Something like
```suggestion
- Patch: no breaking changes, no new features (E.g. bug fixes, minor improvement)
- Minor: can include breaking changes in framework packages (E.g. framework upgrades, new features/improvements)
- Major: can include breaking changes in core packages (E.g. major architectural changes, major features)
```
